Asset Management System

Architecture:

 * SOLR server (contains one document per asset, with ids to external resources)
 * Python flask web server (minimal middleware between SOLR and UI)
 * Python bulk importer
 * Angular2 UI

Starting off using the CSV field names in SOLR schema; either map these in SOLR (using store no/index no fields and copyFields) to reasonable names or (probably better?) rename/map the field names in the Python bulk import script

Need to identify a server to host the system.

Notes

 * UI should use the Web API to populate values for drop-downs such as the Condition. This does not preclude either having a fixed list of options or allowing data entry to specify a new value. May need to standardise existing values (data quality)

 * Should enumerations, such as Condition or Status, be stored by value or by index? (Again, the outcome of the decision doesn't affect UI possibilities. index feels nicer - you can then change the label easily without reindexing)

Enumerations: Manufacturer, Category, Condition, Status, Location, Action (this may be removed as just an Access UI artefact), Rack, Shelf
Not all of these are populated for every document (some are), in particular Rack and Shelf are less than half coverage; so always need a blank or n/a option

Attachment352: number of attachments?? need to export the attachments (data sheets, pics)
Comments History: should be multivalued and type date; presumably this is when comments were updated? But there are no comments? So is it when any fields were updated?
Comments: free text, not all docs, and in particular not all docs with Comments History! But, there are no docs with Comments but not Comments History.
Manufacturer: not on all docs, and has "Unknown" and "see notes" as well
Model: similarly to Manufacturer, has "n/a" and "?"
Item: again similar but just "Unknown" or missing
Description: free text, on 315 docs
Start stop freq: (not on all doc) should be free integers, maybe in MHz but should prefer Hz and convert in the UI
Calibration fields: dates
Status/Action/Due Date: these are the booking fields - where is the date it was taken? And there is no history on these


Missing fields (in Access but not CSV export): Checked Out Location, Avail, ID, Check Out To, Serial Number, FAR, Barcode, Owner
FAR is always blank
Avail may be generated
Contact Name == Check Out To

Note the Contact List (name, email, phone etc)


Have NEW csv to work with, plus XML containing the attachments
